a short of Evan explain my key oh fuck
percent on let's go he going Steve down
picture map okay hey this for fucking
nice what transporters for this watch is
worth a fortune cookie say you love
Republic gotelli Republic is Ellie hey
oh you wanna talk to this collaborative
brand new Kentucky bus after this Civic
bud watch many versions prelude an
unwanted bluetooth it's a greedy and a
spoiler carpeting we're back to come
join me on revolving at le ma see what
everybody really well how bad their
whole bat whole bag lumber by leveling
limber
oh I was laughing hard nursing we're
gonna move hey Carmie yo mama I just
works for TV des oh yeah it is it if
it's worth fucking tenner to me is what
je sais je dick I love rap over you
teddy I look that's what shit ain't no
no come on boy dirty this is locking the
door winema show me show my really here
hey it's for republica tell you ladies
very good very good I have to see me two
weeks are you Republican tell you
assholes who won't let me close taxi
taxi must dear lift
hahaha tinie tempah probably Catelli go
that team an oxygenated week look what's
your on them haha what should suffer
just a buffer my scene with Stefan mercy
hey hey are you ready big kiss